docs: explain usage of inner graph (#7462)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/config/optimization.mdx

  ]}
/>

> `optimization.innerGraph` tell Rspack whether to perform a more detailed analysis of variable assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`optimization.innerGraph` tells Rspack whether to perform a more detailed analysis of variable assignments. This helps Rspack to identify unused module exports, thereby reducing the size of the bundled output.
```
